Day 2 Class 2

We have a grading TA under; Instructional Staff, Kale Lesko
Must get note "Resubmit for full points"
Kale is who you will send messages to when you resubmit work.

Friday's lab. Start knocking out "CSS Diner" it may be overwhelming to do all over the weekend. These will not be marked late until sunday night.

All week we will be working on an "About me" project.

Feedback assignments are due each week.

Learning journal's are due each day: They are made for the purpose of glearing into how you felt during that period. It's recommended to do this with your labs as you will need to paste your question and answers into your Learning Journal.

HTML version 5 has been the standard for the last 10 years.

HTML child tags can only be <head> and <body>

Only way an HTML can be valid is with a META tag

## DataTypes
Types of data in JS:
    - Numbers
    - Booleans (Y/N T/F)
    - Strings
    - Objects (Important)
    - Arrays (Important)
This is a way of formatting data the computer can anticipate.

## Primitives
These are the *building blocks* of larger or more complex data types.
It's a more basic form of data.

* Numbers
    - Numbers: can be decimals and negative.
    - Undefined: Assigned to variables only when no other value is assigned.
    - Null: Sets value as none, nothing, or null.
    Ex 'let username = null;'

*At top of all JS files put: use strict*

    let hasCandles = true;
    console.log(typeOf hasCandles)

~10:12~
typing this in the console will show 'boolean' because 'true' is a boolean datatype.

parseInt: Turns a string into a number

let candles = '32'
console.log(parseInt(candles));
console will read 32 rather than 3 then 2.

console.log(typeof NaN) will show 'number' in console. Even though NaN is 'Not A Number' in JS.

    ~10:37~
    LAB, this shows you the file setup for all repositories in 201.
    BOOKMARK lab setup

    Name your repository "about me"

    Select MIT license

Kebab-case are names we use in REPO titles and CSS class names. They are words seperated with - in between them. Like a kebab!

. in the terminal makes the file invisible. We do this because we don't want others to find this file.

to find invisible files we use: -a

rm-rf THIS MAY DELETE YOUR WHOLE COMPUTER! Be careful!

~11:05~
Copying raw contents from gitignore file in github

In CSS, depending on the browser, your web page will look different.

always use === three of these instead of two.

