5 April, 2023

` Class 04 `
 
Class 6 and 7 represent the big spike

Sam and Cookies project starts on monday

=== strictly equal to, compares data type
== does not compare data type

console.log is great to help debug
console.log(name, 'yes')

careful putting a .lowercase
and then adding name === 'Yes' an uppercase will force the code to read the next following logic instead of reading your logic.

remember to change console.log to alert

! this is a logical not || (bang)

&& this is a logical and

|| this is a logical or


JavaScript is less strict about arrays

TEMPLATE LITERAL || 'string literal'
Instanciate the variable
let i = 0

    In replit use index.js

~10:14~

~10:24~ 
all brown color text will be read as a string

Array's have a seemingly endless amount of things you can do with them.

name of the array parksNRec.push('name');

this will add a name at the end of a list

remember to add in your console.log in order to see the changes in your console

CSS box model located in file


Pixel v Vector based

Vector based art is all about lines

~10:43~
Showing you how to calculate a box model

don't forget *{box-sizing: border-box;
The star is essential. It selects all of our elements. Put this code at the top of all of your HTML documents.

<Span> can cause a traffic jam
Adjusting the webpage will force the spans to move around causing issues.

Using command float, must have a left or a right.

    It feels better when other people make mistakes: Float, strictly equal

When you float an item it will sometimes break the code by moving it to an unreadable degree

text-align: center 
may not help

margin: auto
this coupled with percentages will automatically adjust

overflow: auto
This is our workaround when using a float. Sometimes floats will break things, however they still have their place. This is just if the float breaks something, we use overflow to help things along.

let attemptRemaining = 3

while (attemptRemaining){
    console.log()
}

This command could crash your computer because there is nothing stopping the command

while (attemptsRemaining){
    attemptRemaining--;
    console.log('I am in the while loop. you have ${attemptsRemaining} attempts remaining.')
}

let attempts = 7;

for (let i = 0; i < attemps; i++) {
    console.log('I am in the for loop. You have ${i} attempts remaining')
}

This command will have you count in the wrong direction, we want it to countdown to 0

let attempts = 7;

for (let i = 0; i < attemps; i++) {
    console.log('I am in the for loop. You have ${attempts - i} attempts remaining')
}

This is almost there but, not quite.

let attempts = 7;

for (let i = 0; i < attemps; i++) {
    console.log('I am in the for loop. You have ${attempts - i - 1} attempts remaining')
}


Do While loop. In the real world you will never use this. 

It will do the thing at least once, and then evaluate if it should do it again.

~11:45~
let myFavColors = {'blue', 'cream', 'gold'}
let userResponse = 'orange';

Remember in this exercise we can't use a function or ... commands.

for (let i = 0; i < myFavColors.length; i++) {if (userResponse === myFavColors[i])}


~11:56~

How to keep score

let score = 0

add at the end of a code stack: score++

response if:
- guess it too high
- guess is too low
- guess is correct
- how many attempts they have left
- if there are no attempts left
- if there are no attempts left, give them the answer