# Class 7: Functions

Putting the FUN in Functions!

if username, else is,

Functions help you re-factor code.

// The basics

structure of functions.
Function addTwoNumbers(parameters){code to execute}
Function DECLARATION (Will be used in 201)

        Function addTwoNumbers(number 1, number2){
            console.log(number1 + number2);
            return number1 + number2; 
        }

Remember to call it! (Calling it is when () using these paired)
let sum = addTwoNumbers(1, 4);
console.log(sum); This shows it on the console log in the webpage.
We get an undefined when we do not put a return statement.

Return statement must be, the last thing you do in a function.

let sum = addTwoNumbers(1, 4)
addTwoNumbers(19, 60) 79
addTwoNumbers("hello", "world") helloworld



Question 2: What's the advantage of using functions?
Well named function
Functions help us avoid repeated code.
Functions let us define the code
Functions make code reusable

Question 4
declaring a function
the code executed at the time the function
function are invoked by using parenthesis

FOCUS ONLY ON WHILE AND FOR STATEMENTS

        Declarations
    JavaScript has three kinds of variable declarations.

    var
    Declares a variable, optionally initializing it to a value.

    let
    Declares a block-scoped, local variable, optionally initializing it to a value.

    const
    Declares a block-scoped, read-only named constant.

* had precendence over +
You can overrride this by using () creating a grouped expression

JavaScript has both binary and unary operators, and one special ternary operator

A unary operator requires a single operand, either before or after the operator:
operator operand
operand operator

This shows the example of a block statement
var x = 5;
let y = 1;

if (true) {
  var x = 3;
  let y = 2;
}

console.log(x);
// Expected output: 2

console.log(y);
// Expected output: 1


1. What is control flow? The order in which the computer executes statements in a script.


2. What is a JavaScript function? JavaScript function is a block of code designed to perform a particular task.


3. What does it mean to invoke - or call - a function? There are 3 ways to do this.

When an event occurs (when a user clicks a button)
When it is invoked (called) from JavaScript code
Automatically (self invoked)

Essentially starting a process to a function.

4. What are the parenthesis () for when you define a function? This is what a function looks like. Anything inside of these parenthesis.