
CSS for beginners

quiz review question 3
strong Y
head N
span N
main Y
footer Y
b N
nav Y
header Y
article Y
div N

/Semantic: Name of the element tells you what content is in there/


Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)

Why do we use it? STYLING the elements

How do we use it? 
* Has its own syntax.
* Curly braces/brackets

Can be used multiple times, ID's are unique.

You will define RULES that will be applied to all and/or certain elements.



Put CSS rules in the head element. This is for the 

* This tag claims the change for ALL elements in CSS.

## How to incorporate CSS
* External stylesheet - it's own serparate file
* Internal Styles - right in the HTML document
* Inline Styles - in the element itself

Touch is for FILES not for FOLDERS

background-color red; (Must have ; at the end)

\\<link rel="stylesheet" href:"styles.css">\\

"styles.css" is used when you have an external stylesheet file under the same folder.

<style>
    p {color: magenta}
<style>

CSS is a language for specifying how documents are presented to users — how they are styled, laid out, etc.

Inline rule will be 

p [ color; mauve;] element selector
.new {color; SpringGreen;} Class Selector
sitemap Id Selector
*[color: DimGrey;] Universal Selector

What is a variable?
/* What is a variable? a container for data
4 ways to declare a variable.
- let
const
var
(nothing) <-- no> */



CSS is short for Cascading Style Sheet

CSS helps you control how HTML elements look in your browser.


CSS can be used for changing color and size of text and even create layouts. CSS uses braces that help to identify which value is being specified for things like *Color*, *font-size*, and *size units* 

All technology languages like HTML, CSS, and Javascript all use documents called specifications.

There are three ways of inserting a style sheet: 
External CSS
Internal CSS
Inline CSS

External sheets are defined within the <link> element, inside the <head>

An inline style may be used to apply a unique style for a single element.

An internal style sheet may be used if one single HTML page has a unique style.
The internal style is defined inside the <style> element, inside the head section.

color	Specifies the text color. Look at CSS Color Values for a complete list of possible color values.	
initial	Sets this property to its default value. 
inherit	Inherits this property from its parent element. 

Answer
The purpose of CSS is...
For changing color and size of text and even create layouts

What are the three ways to insert CSS into your project?
External CSS
Internal CSS
Inline CSS

Write an example of a CSS rule that would give all <p> elements red text.

p {color: magenta;}